Battle #2
=========

The careful assasin has been slightly altered to be a little more bloody

```js
module.exports = function (gameData, helpers) {
  // kill when possible

  var nearbyEnemy = helpers.getNearbyWeakestEnemy(gameData);

  if (nearbyEnemy && nearbyEnemy.tile.health < 30) {
    return nearbyEnemy.direction;
  }

  // act as a careful assassin
  ...
};
```

That has a litle impact but I think is better than the default careful assasin on the long run

The god
-------

*   We won!
*   I killed an enemy!

The bad
-------

*   I has been killed

Notes
-----

### There is no "I" in team

My first approach was to focus on average kills leatherboard.

While I think this is a good approach to be focused on, the *real* target needs to be to achieve the most team wins, as
this is the target of the game:

>   "The yellow king and the blue king are at war! Your JavaScript skills are needed to determine the victory"

So, even if I try to get the victory by improving my killing skills I want to consider the overall team health too

>   "Moving into a friendly hero will heal that hero for 40 health. Remember, there is no *I* in team."

One question raises here: Can a hero get more than 100 health points?

Until I find the answer I will assume it is not. In practice that means I will heal nearby teammates if they have
`health <= 60`

**Verified: heroes can't get more than 100 health points**

That will lead to enemies changing its target to me in some cases, being counterproductive if the teammate's AI is worse
than mine. So maybe is better to heal nearby teammates if they have `health < (myHero.health - 40)`

### Corners are strategic positions

What I have seen so far is that while items in the board are different between combats, the board is always surrounded
by non accessible tiles in the board's perimeter (assuming that trees are non accessible tiles)

Also I have seen that there are 2 different corner layouts:

1.  Health well, Tree, Health well
2.  Health well, Tree, Diamon mine

Where in both cases, the tree is just in the corner with a health well or a diamond mine in its adjacent tiles

If a hero is placed in the accessible corner tile of the 2nd corner layout, he has a health well and a diamond mine as
adjacent tiles which is a good position because he needs 2 enemies to kill him (see "avoid the healing enemy" of
`battle-20141011.md`) and also he can benefit his team by earning diamonds each turn

Default hero AIs **safe diamond miner** and **selfish diamond miner** can be trapped in the 2nd corner
layout if they have an adjacent enemy:

```js
// Heal if you aren't full health and are close to a health well already
if (myHero.health < 100 && distanceToHealthWell === 1) { return directionToHealthWell; }
```

**Cowards** are always trapped in a tile with an adjacent health well, so they need 2 enemies to kill him:

```js
return helpers.findNearestHealthWell(gameData);
```

### Support teammates fighting healing enemies

Since a healing enemy needs to heroes to kill him, if you find a teammate fighting a healing enemy go to support him

If there is no teammate in this kind of fight avoid the healing enemy as usual
